PRIVACY STATEMENT

----

SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?

We do not collect any data from you.

We use Google AdMob for advertisement and it may collect user data to improve the ads that are displayed.


SECTION 2 - CONSENT

How do you get my consent?

When you use the software, you are agreeing with the license and privacy terms.


How do I withdraw my consent?

As we do not collect user data, no data is stored. You are free to stop using the software anytime, therefore withdrawing the consent automatically.


SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE

No data is stored, so no data can be disclosed.

SECTION 4 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES

In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.

For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.

In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed using our software that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.

Once you leave our software or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.


Links

When you click on links on our software, they may direct you away from our app. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.


SECTION 5 - SECURITY

To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.

SECTION 6 - AGE OF CONSENT

The content of this app is for educational and productivity purposes only. It does not contain mature content, violence, drugs, weapons, or any illegal activity whatsoever. It does not involve any type of social interaction with anyone and does not promote any contact between different users.

The app is, based on Google's Rating, safe for Everyone of any age.

It contain ads from the AdMob network. The ads that are displayed are in conformity with the app's rating.

SECTION 7 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.

If our software is acquired or merged with another software, your information may be transferred to the new owners.


QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION

If you would like to: register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at andreluizromanomadureira@gmail.com

----
